e
e e
[Music]
[Applause]
we
[Music]
are we by the we another chance to live
again again
[Music]
my isn't it enough to my
purpose never spread my wings am I just
not
enough the iire in the open are Expos
[Music]
all this time I
a
[Music]
song about
life it's your own damn life your heart
on your SLE it's the only way to live
everything will fall into place
your my El
bur every
wondering
to
[Music]
status it's okay don't hold
it's a
[Music]
Lo it's
been about
to
ad I just wanted it to
[Music]
end it's so
[Applause]
[Music]
living in hunger for a better life
better
life living
lasting to the's world but we
[Music]
I you
how
to
[Music]
it's the future now Lear
bra little
[Music]
blesss it's not so hard and perspectives
change and hearts are Meed
[Music]
look at
myself
reflection
matters for your
soul res
[Music]
for about the
yest the future now learn
to little
[Music]
bless it's not so hard when persectives
change and hearts are
men oh oh
[Music]
like
forever waiting for you last
night the world was turning off so
slowly
[Music]
youy to show you what I think about
think
[Music]
about when
I I'm in love with
[Music]
you you be Saied
setting
to when I say
I'm looking in miror I know I see I see
I don't know
to I am
inside sometimes I'm SC what they say
about you and maybe you're thinking too
much about you
little my heart is
just these unfamiliar
feel decided
see too
long than you could know your Blom finds
and stay with us
way to
[Music]
grow it's been so many years so many you
ever
[Music]
it we I
way ear
isly to say what we always
dream I don't know to
be I
am
sometimes what they
say maybe I'm thinking too much about
every
little my heart is just feel you don't
even know why
[Music]
hello good
morning are we here I think so if you
can hear the song my voice clap once you
can hear the sound of my voice clap
twice you
know that's the end of my Dr
Pepper rest in peace good morning good
morning good
morning how are we are we good um oh
yeah oh yeah there we are
everyone's
clapping chat's going
fast unless my chat's just trying to
catch up and maybe that's the case
actually let's try this live chat sweet
cool great
nice welcome to the
stream here we are
are here's that desktop scene that we
tend
to stay on for like 50% of the
streams um no it's always good morning
never good night I'm nocturnal actually
this is not even a joke at this
point um okay so hello um I'm in a I'm a
Discord call as well so I'm going to
undeen I think right now Ricky is with
us Ricky I think I'm here now perhaps
hello I have no idea if I heard that did
you say
anything
wait am I losing my
[__] I might be losing my [__] a little
bit
you spoke oh dear I didn't hear
it let me check my audio
again can you unmute and
speak hello okay that's strange did I
mute
Discord it's not coming through there
I'm not sure I'm going to restart
Discord don't worry about it I'm hearing
all other sound I think hold
on yeah sorry for the jump scare if that
happened
um one
second I haven't caught up on chat yet I
don't know what's
happening give me a
second Discord might just be having a
moment discord's not even opening
now discord's just being
strained surprise piano there's going to
be lots of that oh dear
okay discord's not being
normal okay
um
okay no I just simply cannot hear you
wait this is
weird Discord is being strange I'm sorry
I don't know what could be
happening okay okay I'm not going to
worry about Discord for now I'll talk to
you in chat anyway uh
okay I need yes here all right all right
where am I what are people saying okay
hi hello hello
greetings um we're here here's my
desktop we just sit here and talk a lot
um I never know what to say hi hello um
we're in here you can hear my sound all
right I'm
presuming
um I haven't streamed in since
July it's been like two months
right yeah it's been like 2 and a half
months since I last
streamed so let me let me read chat is
that desktop animation available to
download somewhere not at the moment uh
my girlfriend
Eden animated it uh and I have
downloaded
desktop animation thing just to make it
work
uh it use uses some external software
it's not surprising it's kind of weird
on Mac but it's it works I guess um it's
not available anywhere right now though
it's on it's on her patreon I think
though would you ever do voice acting no
I don't think I'd be very good at
it I don't think I'd be very good at
voice acting I could do like voice
imitations I guess but I I don't really
think I could do voice acting I think
there's a
difference
um but it's been a it's been a while a
lot of things have shifted in my studio
space since we last connected with each
other
um and in fact the last time I streamed
was just weeks before cutie marks went
went public
was released uh obviously a lot has has
um shifted since
then uh a lot of things have happened on
the Accord of cutie marks
um lots of the attention's rather
overwhelming I think when I was much
younger and I was starting to make music
foremostly I was like yeah I want to
have so many people listen to my music
and now it's like starting to get to
that point and it's really scary
because uh I'm really like quiet
introverted person I only go I really go
to
stream when I'm like feeling energetic
enough for it but I'm really like quiet
or and
like a lot of I've learned that a lot of
attention is sort of like scary it's
fine if it's on Twitter because
Twitter's where I could be weird but
otherwise you know
the world has changed since Veet last
dreams valet so when is melon reviewing
cutie marks yeah that's something that's
happened since cutie marks came out is
uh someone linked me to Anthony fantano
and he's heard some of the music from
cutie marks that's weird that's a weird
thought that we're
making but see that was my goal from the
start is I wanted to make Pony music to
the degree where I could share it
with all sorts of people so it would
reach you know beyond the community and
be like hi I'm going to do whatever I
want and people will still like it
anyway originally I wanted to do that
with monster cat and then I was like I
didn't want to be on Monster cat
anymore I've had multiple opportunities
to work with monster cat and I just
haven't cuz like I don't it's not within
my interest
anymore um lots of other things I I got
a I got a a comment the other day that
said when are you're going to be on
proximity and I'm thinking like I'm
already uploading my music here doesn't
have to be on
proximity uh as always I have a hard
time keeping up with chat so forgive me
if I choose not to respond or I just
forget to respond CU sometimes I don't
want to reply to everything just
transpar I think everyone knows that but
you
know yeah cutie marks has really
extended beyond the pony community which
is exactly what I
wanted um I've done a lot of ambitious
projects so the next album actually is
going to be pretty interesting a lot
less single oriented and more just
soundscape
based I don't know if you know but I
have already announced my next album
it's not it's like it's really work in
progress right now so um I don't really
have too much to to say on it completely
but
um but what I can say is uh I have the
track list here if you want to look at
it could discuss a little
bit with cutie marks I was like a lot
more obsessed with like keeping things
secret and just like trying to like have
a really big crazy thing with it and
with uh with this album I'm like I kind
of just want to you know share it you
know just make it just make something I
really want um yeah but but this album's
going to focus on on Ken opener the
character in the background here
um stuff like that fishing for
details um I'm still trying to figure
out you know what the basis of this
album is and what exactly is going to be
what but
um uh the the way the way I see it is
fish whisper is going to be an album
about um about music it's it's music
about music which isn't a very which
isn't the most original idea but I think
in the context of can ky's character I
think I'm really excited to think about
that
um I'm trying to gather my thoughts here
because I don't have this actually you
know what I do have this written down
here ma
me
gigg this my
gutina I had to move
GG don't fall down don't do
that have some writings in
here there there's fun
fun so really it's about
like it's a lot of things but I think
something I struggle with a lot which I
think is evident through the fact I
don't stream very much is um I'm not a
very social person I'm very quiet and
reserved and sort of scared of everyone
all the time
and I wanted
to write an album about music a story
about music and how
that helps someone connect with people
better and how it helps change someone
in the face of stuff like that you know
cuz even if you don't speak to someone
you can still connect with them with
music be like these are songs that I
like these are songs that you like
Etc you know connecting with people
through music is can be completely
non-verbal too which is very nice
because I don't really like to talk a
lot all the time
it's definitely more beyond beyond that
concept but that's like kind of the
basis of where where this album idea
comes
from
um I'm also thinking about like kind of
embracing different people as another
thing
um so the summarized story of of can
openers like Origins is like they
were uh marine biologist who wanted to
be a musician but the music that they
made was a little too weird for the
people around them and so like their
parents are like you can't you're you
can't this isn't real music you can't do
that's weird just stick to what you're
already good at right that's what can
opener's parents said and can opener is
like had always wanted to go explore
explore the world and so they saw this
as an opportunity to be like you know
what I'm out out of here I'm going to go
live on my own and make music and do
fishy things right so can opener moves
to to yakyakistan because it's like cold
and there's lots of like water up there
lots of interesting like marine life uh
can opener connects with the Yaks a lot
can one of can opener's like closest
friends is Yona the
yak and
so
um one of the subplots is all about how
Yona really is starting to feel really
self-conscious about being a yak and
like can openers seeing that in
themselves like I'm kind of feel weird
about who I am too but I think that it's
good to be I think it's cool to be a yak
you should be a yak so so can opener
spends a lot of time like talking to
Yona about her problems and saying that
she needs to like be a yak in her own
way cuz one of the one of the things
that about the yak culture at least in
this story is it's very like it's very
like traditional and it's very like you
know this and that and yon's like I
don't want any part of that I just want
to be this and that and canover is like
well you can be your own person and
still be a yak you can still embrace all
of that and still like kind of Forge
your own
uniqueness and I think that's one of the
subplots that this album deals with as
well um and then there's a whole other
layer where the hippogryphs are involved
and it's like you know really it's
really just about seeing different it's
it like honestly this album deals a lot
with culture shock I
think because I don't think people
realize in the real world how different
things are not just a country away but
just like down the street you enter
someone else's home of a you know
someone you don't really know that well
and the culture within that home is just
completely different so you take that on
a macroscopic scale and you look at you
know different different peoples and and
it's like there's so much to be
interested
in so yeah I guess I would summarize
this as an album about music loneliness
and culture
shock that's the best way to put
it it's sort of rebellious in nature and
sort of celebratory in nature I would
say but yeah I'm really really pleased
with uh the idea for it so
far if I remember correctly I have about
seven demos for it if if everyone votes
on a number one through seven I'll
determine what to preview in here right
now if you
want so everyone everyone put a number
one through seven and we'll take the
the most the most devoted on one and
I'll just play it out for
you oh that's a lot of numbers 6 four 5
4 1 3 4 4 four I'm seeing a lot of
fours lots of fours
here lots of six six lots of
six lots of six and
four three
six and four 6 and
four six and
four
okay um I'm also going cuz there's
technically nine Demos in here but some
of them I'm not completely sure about if
they're going to be in the album or not
so I'm mostly going to include just
stuff that I know is going to be in the
album
four
okay yeah I'll go with sand dollar then
let me pull that up really
quickly I might have already played this
in stream before as well
but okay so here um this is this is
definitely going on fish whisper already
confirm cuz this song is already done
technically I finished it a while ago it
says 4 months ago but you know now
[Music]
[Applause]
to tell I don't think love you I don't
want I don't
want I don't I don't
[Music]
want I don't I
don't so that's pretty much the gist of
it yeah that's the final length um I
made this song in actually just a few
hours and I was just happy with it where
it was um and a lot of the way it was
made was I had a I don't know where A
Cima is but I used a cimba for a lot of
those sounds and then resembled them and
then of granular things
um and the drums are from some like old
toy drum machine stuff too I really
liked using those um and one of the
things I'd noticed is when I do vocal
chops I never do my own vocals like my
own vocals so just like I could do that
a little bit
more
so um yeah that's the whole that's the
whole gist of that
um it's
fun there's not much to say on it it's
kind of a really just chill simple song
but a lot of stuff in fish whisper is
going to be sort of understated there's
going to be some like you know pop
oriented stuff but fish whisper is not
really going to focus on on a on pop
music music I would say it's going to be
more experimental and sound design
oriented and trying to like really um
you know really really accentuate what
kind of sounds can be explored in the
album CU it's an album about music and I
really want to be like how far can you
actually take music as a concept and I
think it's like I think that's really
cool
um lots of Guitar this album's going to
have lots of Guitar I may as well show
this too cuz I'm planning on releasing
this this is not related to fish whisper
but I'm planning on
releasing um this
song I'm planning on releasing this song
um after cutie marks is fully uploaded
but since it's like not really that big
of a thing it's like I want to I want to
show you this as well I'll play this one
[Music]
he
a
[Music]
[Applause]
me
[Music]
[Applause]
so this this song I made in two hours
and it was over a Discord
call um I forget everyone who was there
I think
uh I think
there I don't remember P if you're there
I think you were but maybe you weren't
maybe I'm silly I know Jamie was
there but yeah I made this in like two
hours and I screen shared the whole
thing um
yeah and I've been make I've honestly
been making so much music it's hard to
like which screen am I going to it's
hard to
like it's hard
to really make it clear how much music
I've been making cuz I've been making so
much I've been working mostly on
commissions lately and most of those I
can't share CU they're not for me to
share right now um
but um on
patreon I've been putting a lot of
things there including I actually
legitimately just like released
uh I I released an another album on
patreon made up of like some ambient and
IDM stuff that I've been working on over
the past couple of months so there's
just a whole other album on patreon
too um
some of these I made on stream actually
I know that I made this one on
stream I made this one on
stream and I made this one on stream no
I didn't I didn't make this one on
stream but the reason why I thought I
did is cuz I was in a Discord call
making this one too I made this one in 3
hours
[Music]
but yeah if you want uh want to hear
things that I'm doing you know patreons
right here and stuff like that you can
look in the in the description of this
stream as well I post a lot of stuff
that don't doesn't go public
[Music]
ever but yeah so lots of things um
um so this isn't really showing the full
extent of everything I've been been
working with so far for most of my time
making music it's either been like using
instruments like guitars and ukulele and
stuff or just using virtual instruments
and so um something I've been trying to
do throughout this year is use more
Hardware stuff and and physical things I
do have my analog sense down here but
it's kind of unwieldy so I've been
trying to find different options and um
one of the things I've been working with
a lot is BEC and this is this is
strictly because cuti marks what because
of cutie marks I was able to afford to
finally invest into the hardware side of
my
studio um
so one of the things I'm working with a
lot is this digit attct I don't know if
you can see it very well let's see I
have a weird setup here so I can hot
swap stuff
but this thing here can you focus on the
screen maybe I don't know if it's going
to focus on the screen
but I've been working with the digit
attct a lot and it's really really a fun
way unfortunately I lost one of my whole
projects on this thing so kind of sad
but it's really
fun can we turn this up actually I don't
know if you can hear
this I just realized you won't be able
to hear this let me add this to the
stream audio really quickly
because I just realized you won't be
able to hear
it do you do field recordings I'll
answer that in a second um where is my
stream thing I forgot I had not set up
any of my stream stuff very well because
this is still technically a new computer
I haven't I've only streamed once on
this new computer so not everything's
here digit attct
okay there we go you should be able to
hear that
so this thing is a little bit Nuance to
explain especially if um you don't make
music but long story short this is like
a primarily a really powerful Hardware
sampler um I think this can also run on
like just a a phone a phone portable
charger so um right now it's plugged
into the outlet but if I wanted to I
could just slap this into my my backpack
with a portable charger and make music
out wherever I feel like it um right now
what I have on here is
[Music]
this is the most recent project I've had
on
here and it's a little bit generative so
everything has a lot of different
um probability elements to it so very
rarely are you ever going to hear the
same thing exactly the same on this
going to make sure to save
this there we go
RNG music it honestly is I'll
demonstrate this in a second I'm sorry I
can't get the camera closer to this
thing um I'll try and explain to the
best of my ability what's going on in
the screen if it's important um right
now I'm going to open another project
that I had
okay
so hello I didn't realize that you went
bought it are you streaming right now I
am streaming hi I'm so sorry
okay we have extra milk now so there is
one I just bought milk I bought milk
yesterday know I know now there is one
speci for you the milk has been doubled
I will put I will milk truck just arriv
RVE truck just you know what I really
wish they would still do bottled milk
like in glass bottles cuz that [__] so
hard do they do that
delivery cuz that would be so dope so
remember the a milk thing that we that
we got at the um at the farmers market
the weird plant [__] yeah the plant milk
that was good the blue one the blue
stuff um I believe they actually deliver
that in the uh in the glass bottles I
can take a look for you but I would like
that very much I can I can but we you
now have your own personal milk jugun
or'll put your name on it and that is
that is the one that you may use when
you have a hankering for titty for titty
juice okay I that's straight from the
cow that's not from anywhere else that
is only from the cow straight to your
mouth don't worry about it actually it
is
processed they don't do it straight from
the cow it that be kind of interesting
you know I feel like it would taste a
lot sweeter if it were from from like an
actual cow I think you're wrong you
think I think you're very wrong chat am
I wrong no chat don't answer her please
don't do that I'm going to put your name
all right thank you sorry we're having
milk conversations today okay so you
have just learned something about me I
really just like drinking milk straight
up like I just like milk is very
good um I have to read chat I have no
idea what everyone was saying I was just
talking about milk
oh
jeez yeah lots of milk talk yeah I like
milk milk's good I bought a whole ass
carton yesterday cuz I didn't have
enough I like milk Sumi it's fine I like
oat milk
though oat milk is good it's a bad
addiction it's also more expensive but I
do like oat
milk
but okay so here's a cool let me see if
I remember where everything is on this
project tor's screaming I don't know
what's happening what I forgot about the
Joker milk what's the J I forgot okay
okay
so okay so Romeo um needed to make milk
in the morning right um and we didn't
have any
milk uh and it was just nothing but
water and Cocoa Puffs so he went into
the [__]
um why didn't you just put the cocoa
pups in water and make it a soup so
that's what I told them to do but he's
like no I need milk I'm like okay I
don't know how you're going to do this
but go ahead he gets three [__] no it
wasn't even three it was just one
goddamn uh coffee creamer the [__]
the small little things he puts that in
two parts to water calls it [__]
Joker
milk that did you got to try that but
with like a pack of sriracha sauce in
there you know when I was working at
Starbucks I made the Sriracha latte
right no okay first of all I drank the
whole
thing instead of instead of the syrups
you just use the Sriracha at the base of
the cup and then you mix it and it's
just a Sriracha latte I drank the whole
thing it was a grande size 6 Oz I drank
the whole thing you said a lot more
proud of this than you really should be
it didn't taste that bad I didn't
dislike it this is coming from the same
person who just like drinks hot sauce
for a
living shut up yeah that's my job I
drink hot your job you're on hot ones
now I'm on hot ones I would do so good
on hot ones first [__] yeah you would
actually I would you would actually do
better on hot pepper gaming Sean Sean
Evans has no [__] on me you would be you
would do really well if there was like a
hot pepper gaming but it were for like
Hitman and you just sitting there like
talking about Hitman while you're like
sweating your ass off in the chip no I
just like take the sauce and drink it
and he like does a little dip I'm like
yeah go white boy go go white boy do a j
i here [__] getting a whole gallon of
[__] Sriracha just Downing that [__]
like it's the Last Supper like yeah no
it's fine this is why this is the blood
of
Christ that's [__] sabatical instead
of the grape ju they gave you just
[__] ghost pepper sauce so there's
okay so you got the Joker milk right but
how about the The Joker soup what is the
Joker sou Joker soup is just Chick-fil-A
sauce with with uh with water no no no
it's Chick-fil-A sauce with like uh Mad
Dog
357 he you put it in a shot glass I feel
like you tried this just I away when I
wasn't
home and then you just say I'm the Joker
baby and then you drink it that's all I
really feel like you got like on call
with this and we just like hey do you
dare me to do this and nobody dared me
to do it I'm going to I'm going to have
the Joker The Joker suit no one is
forcing you to do no one is putting peer
pressure on you to make the Joker suit
and yet you are going to be doing it
anyway I know for I have my own peer
pressure good
morning once more I have no idea what's
been happening in
chat what's going on in here hot ones
with Joker milk cold ones [__] Max
mofo does cold ones that's already
owned but yeah okay
so okay
um yeah so I'm going to be I'm going to
come clean to you I when I was working
at Starbucks I'm no longer at Starbucks
I do music full time now pretty crazy um
but when I was working at Star BS uh it
was really slow one day and people who I
had worked with always talked about the
Sriracha latte and so I'm like I'm just
going to make this I'm just going to do
it and I I like my manager watched me do
it too she was like watching me to see
if my what my reaction would
be
and so the way the way I made it was I
put the Sriracha in the cup first
steamed the milk and stuff threw that
[__] in in there after a good after a
good one after a good one and then uh
put put did some mixing cuz the Sriracha
is kind of thick so you kind of got to
kind of mix it around a little bit and
then um I think I put like [__]
pumpkin spice seasoning on the top of it
as well just for fun and it wasn't bad
like I have to be honest the Sriracha
latte isn't the worst thing um I don't
endorse it if you want to have a s latte
and you get told and and you just you
despise it and it makes you feel sick
I'm not responsible I'm just I'm just a
maniac
but okay I'm going to be honest with you
I'm not
sure but if you go to a Starbucks and
ask for a latte to be made with Sriracha
I feel like they can't say
no because if someone had come into my
store and said can I get a latte with
Sriracha at the bottom of the cup I
think I would just make it for them
because the whole thing with Starbucks
is oh yeah I don't work at Starbucks
anymore so I can tell you Starbucks
floor but for the most part if someone
has or if someone asks you to make
something and you have the ingredients
to make it for the most part you can
make
it like you can you can be like okay
sure so like I feel like you could go to
Starbucks and actually ask for a
Sriracha
latte uh don't blame me if you hate it
but you know and don't blame me if
they're like what the [__] is wrong with
you but if you go to Starbucks and ask
for this Sriracha latte I'd love to know
about it I'd love to know about your
experience with
it also when this is really sad but uh
if sometimes if drinks like a seasonal
drinks are no longer available like one
of my favorite drinks is the pumpkin
spice latte uh if the season ends and
the pumpkin spice latte is no longer
available there's us usually still [__]
in the
back and it's like still make the
pumpkin spice latte for for
myself I don't think you're supposed to
do that
but I actually have I actually have
bottles of Starbucks syrup that was just
like it went out it was no longer good
but like that [__] doesn't go bad it's
just sugar
so I still have like a bunch of like
Starbucks syrups because just like
[__] they were going they were going
out but not
really anyway
so there's this pattern I made on on
here a while ago to seg way back into
this um
[Music]
and so this is a pretty like simplistic
pattern in itself but there's a really
there's so many cool things you can do
with this it's going to be a really
great addition to all my music going
forward but to start off uh digit attct
has eight
tracks so you can have eight sounds in
one one pattern
and the whole pattern can be made up of
that stuff here let me start a new
project actually
all right here's this is this is the
default drum set that comes with digit
attct
patterns I can go ahead and select one
of the sounds I have in here I've loaded
all of these from my computer
already some of them are Minecraft
sounds by the way
actually why don't we show how how good
the sampling came capabilities on here
so this is like a a sound from Minecraft
I forget what creature this is does
anyone
know I
forgot it's some water creature is it
the shulker I think it's the
shulker everyone's saying villager I
think it's Shuler
Pillager I think it's
Sher witch it might be witch but it has
a villager vibe to it um but check this
out so we can
take right now I'm doing a
filter adding some bit crushing some
Distortion changing the
[__] and now from that
[__] Minecraft sound we have a kick
drum and that took like no time at all
because the workflow on this thing is so
efficient now let's do something other
let's do something else let's find
something that's probably not a snare
and make a snare out of
it this is also a Minecraft
sound let's make a snare out of it let's
start with the bit crushing
H let me try
because the workflow on this thing is
physical and it's like super well laid
out like I can just [__] make all
these crazy sounds out of nothing
quickly so now we have a snare we have a
kick drum made exclusively from
Minecraft sounds
what else can we do
here this is the Minecraft swimming
sound well not anymore because check
this out
cuz it's actually a high hat now
all right what else can we do here I I
hope I have more Minecraft sounds in
here oops
I think this is a Minecraft sound it's
titled like it
is let's make it into a percussion
sample maybe not a scream from hell that
sounds like someone's dying add some
rever to
that and someone's just like screaming
in the pits of
hell that's not quite what I wanted
but let's fix that
all right let's make some melodic
elements
here do I have more Minecraft
sounds let's find
out Minecraft
sound let's make something melodic out
of this watch
[Music]
wow wow wow
wow
[Music]
wowow wow
me some Pitch vibr to it
oh
and we can copy this to make a base
sound as
[Music]
well
for up
[Music]
so now we can do we have enough sounds
remember these are all made from
Minecraft sounds like we didn't use any
actual like recorded instruments or
anything this is all formed from
Minecraft stuff so then we can start to
do the sequence let's do just
is
and see here's the really cool unique
thing
about the digitat sequencer is its
parameter locking so um if you can see I
don't know if you can see it but there's
these two are lit up right now because
that's where this sound is occupying in
the sequence so you see
goes and I can hold any one of these
occupied steps and say okay this step in
particular when this one plays I want
this one's fill filter to open up and
now
goes so on a perst step basis I can
change the parameters that are being
acted upon which is a really interesting
thing because you can just create a
whole sequence of different sounds going
on here and anything that shows up on
this screen that I'm pointing to right
now is a parameter and that's something
I can lock to a certain step so when I
was changing what sound is occupying the
track I was also doing that through the
parameters which means if I hold this
step and I change the sample slot Watch
What Happens
[Music]
in fact let me do this let me change the
loop to go off
so even though um I have a specific
instrument for the track that I I'm
using the sequence on this step that I'm
pointing to has actually a different
sample playing on it than what the track
is assigned to meaning you can literally
assign any parameter to a single step
and that's such a powerful thing because
you can create really complex sequences
for this case since this is the base
what I want to do is just change the
note
now go back to in this thing and change
the notes for this
please keep in mind all the source
sounds for this are
Minecraft this thing is a very powerful
sampler
so that's the thing with machines like
this is like in the absence of any other
sounds if you don't have access to a lot
of samples or instruments if you have a
sampler like the digitat I mean this is
not the most like cheap thing in the
world but in theory if you had just this
thing you could take so many different
sounds that are just very basic and turn
them into something like that in a very
short amount of
time so it's like the fact that I have
access to a lot of other instruments and
sounds and can make a lot of sounds you
can only imagine what the power of this
thing is with this whole setup that I
have so now what I'm going to do is I'm
going to save this pattern to the
temporary
area and here's one of my other favorite
things about the digit attct if I hold
this track button here you can see
everything starts to light up when I do
that um when I hold this track button
normally what this is for is for
selecting what track you're working on
but if I hold this track button and then
I move any other parameter like say for
example the pitch if
I change the pitch of this
note obviously that makes sense that I'm
changing the pitch of that but if I hold
this track button and I start to move
that pitch knob again check this out
oops it daisies
wait I have to remember how to
undo there's one level of
undo hold on I have to I have to look
this up I can't do this
wrong I don't usually have to undo but I
don't want to go through
the trouble of
whatever oh wait I could just do this
I'm
silly cool so if I hold this trash
button and I start moving this
pitch I'm affecting the pitch of every
single track at the same time as long as
I hold this track
button that applies to every single
parameter that you can change on a
single track so therefore consider again
the sample slot thing watch this
[Music]
I can change this the samples that are
occupying every everything all at once
now I'm I'm doing some things that make
it sort of unpleasant to do that but in
theory that idea is really cool um I can
do things like make things shorter
and the idea is if I press function and
yes that saves this to a temporary
pattern so I can mess with this all I
want and really [__] it
[Applause]
up and let's say I didn't like where
where this what what this was what was
happening here all I have to do is press
function no and it goes right back to
whatever I saved previously and so the
performance potential here is like
1 2 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 and back to
the
original I can mess around and do a
bunch of funny things and then just go
right back to whatever I have
saved 2 three 4
[Music]
like what's going on here right now I
don't know but it's fun
and we're back to the
original this thing is so [__] fun so
that's what this was at the beginning
[Music]
that's the other thing is when I press
pattern all of these are the different
patterns that I have made in this
particular project and I can play them
together so I could say
move to this pattern in the next
Loop right so there is
that speaking of the op1 someone
mentioned in chat
finally got myself one of those as
well this is still a high learning curve
I'm still trying to figure out how to
use this efficiently but it's been
pretty fun so far for like
um spontaneous writing sessions I wrote
something at the mall the other
day see if I can get this plugged in
here
I don't remember what my setup is here
I'm just going to pretend I do
um let's turn this metrome off
[Music]
so I made that the other day at the
mall um I don't really have too much to
demonstrate with this thing right now
because I'm really still trying to learn
it I've really been more excited about
the digit tact right now because it's
been really helpful in my studio
sessions but this thing is really good
for writing music wherever I am like I
wrote this entire
thing while I was at the mall I didn't
go to my computer or anything was cool
to just get this idea down wherever I
felt like
it um but yeah what's
[Music]
uh yeah I I love the op one it's just it
has a higher learning curve than I
expected so it's going to take some time
but that's going to be really good for
when I'm out and about and writing music
and
stuff let's go
chat just went crazy when I played
undertale when I played
Megalania and see what's cool also is
this workflow where I can have this
digitat going and I can open Ableton and
place something here
[Music]
I made this since last night to go with
this pattern
[Music]
[Applause]
so that's something
also don't be frightened they're not the
same thing but I have this one too can
you can't even see
this I like to work in the dark sorry
this is the digit tone not the digit
attack this is a completely different
device but with similar functionality
and I'll explain go ahead and turn this
off I have everything set up so I can
just hot swap the devices and
everything
okay so this isn't a sampler the last
one was a sampler this is an FM
synthesizer um with very similar
functionality but here's some of the oh
dear what's going on
here but with the same same
functionality same step blocking stuff
you know um probability stuff you know
all the digitat sequencer goodness that
it has or electron rather so here are
some of the patterns I've made on
this for
here's one that I really like let's
see there we
go
for
for for
oh that's right I didn't have this in
here either right it's okay guess what
now I'm I was just practicing for what
I'll show you give me a
second someone should have said
something
Suter it's fine
um stream
audio I really we'll be happy when this
stuff is properly all the way set up
there we go all right cool now I was
just
practicing so now you'll really know the
full force of this
[Music]
that's for
that's
[Music]
that's I
I
[Music]
and what's cool about that is like that
you could technically call that a song
like I just performed a song or
something and that was done with just
four instruments these are the four
tracks right here I don't know if you
can see them but this is just four
different tracks here the different
patterns for each of
them and stuff like that
[Applause]
[Music]
and there's like a one octave keyboard
that's what this thing lights up for and
it's
like you can you can play a few things
on here um see some other patterns I
have here
[Music]
there's that
one here's a cool one
so this pattern that I made here is sort
of generative probability based so again
it's one of those things where you're
going to hear this and it's not really
going to repeat repeat the same thing
ever it's going to be sort of like a
gently evolving source of sound so check
this
out I could just leave this running for
like an
[Music]
hour
Eden I'm checking stream
chat what's
[Music]
happening hi Eden
hi see and this this this this thing I
made is just going to evolve
forever and it's a really good way to
just like create a really long ambient
piece that sort of doesn't really get
disinteresting
and now I can go in here with this
instrument I made earlier
[Music]
a
actually I've never used the sequencer
on my keyboard on this thing let's see
if I can do
it why not
[Music]
2 3 4
[Applause]
[Music]
now I have this out here
n
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
l
and then I could start singing to go
with it and it's like just this whole
combination of sounds it's like
everything is like moving together I
have this stuff playing on Ableton
digitone playing on
digitone this playing on this you know
like
[Music]
ah
oh where
you well
[Music]
oh oh oh oh oh
oh
oh oh
[Music]
I'm better
yet let's put this away real
quickly keep this rolling
[Music]
all
right for those of you who haven't seen
my guitar you're about to you're not
going to see it much on camera but I
could just show you a little bit of
it this is one of my guitars
anyway we're going to try throwing down
on this
[Music]
see if we can find a good set of things
here
[Music]
[Applause]
is
[Music]
I
[Applause]
[Music]
l
a
[Music]
it's like okay got that going on over
here so how about we
[Music]
a
on to piano for some reason
[Music]
in
there's also this instrument I made
that's a combination of a piano some
strings and some flutes and using this
modulation wheel it lets me do some
pretty cool sounding cinematic style
things I'm going to open that up and see
how that sounds
[Music]
here this is going to make it sound like
something I promise
[Music]
come on you can do
it it's still loading
I'm going to start
fighting there it
[Music]
is all right check this
out oh no wrong one
[Music]
so the way this
works there's a modulation wheel I don't
know if you can see this very well but
these wheels
here this one does pitch this one I can
assign it to whatever I want
and so what I'm doing with this one is
I'm making it so that the action of the
strings goes from Z null to all the way
tremolo so while I'm playing
piano I could bring in those strings
whenever I feel
like
watch so if I'm
careful I can really just
[Music]
there's really no easy way to show
this I need a better camera set up
[Music]
and see what I'm saying is like this
pattern has been just kind of like
writing itself almost like I wrote this
but I sort of like gave it a bunch of
numbers to work off of it it's like
that's that's how it knows what to do if
I change this to 100% probability on
everything obviously it's very
full but when you change it to be
probability or probability oriented
Suddenly It's a lot more
interesting and it almost writes
itself I can show you how this works
[Music]
so I just wrote this melody right now
you should probably you know a few times
over you should probably be familiar
with what it sounds
like now when I change this to let's say
30%
probability every note only has a 30%
chance of playing
oh my God GES doesn't know I've been
with their mom so
much are we going to have another
[__] ah here we
go oh
[__] I don't know where my Olive Garden
gift C cards
are
what no Ricky I was going to bang their
mom this isn't
funny this
sucks all right then sorry guys no Olive
Garden today apparently I mean thank you
Ricky
but no no Olive Gardians today
it's only a five minute
timeout you can still do it I can still
talk about Olive Garden all I feel like
no it's
[Music]
okay I miss the rage despite all my rage
I'm still just a rat in a
cage where the [__] is Mario Judah
that's a really good
question for
[Music]
how are you doing on bread sticks over
here
do I have any other analog equipment for
my music production I have uh the mini
log synth down here but it's not really
like it's kind of unwieldy and I don't
take care of it very much so I need to
like kind of fix it up a little bit um I
want to get more stuff but really I'm
just focusing on desktop gear at the
moment cuz I don't have much room
elsewhere ideally if I save up a ton of
money I would really love to have a
profit
five what should your paladins name on
World of Warcraft be Skrillex please
[Music]
what the
[__] so true
[Music]
for
so I made a little synth here
[Music]
let's make another one
there we go there's getting a little fun
[Music]
let's make a kick
drum where do this come from can I reset
[Music]
this to start with this
is
[Music]
for for
m
[Music]
no
the
[Music]
w
the e
[Music]
now
n
[Music]
Mario Kart huh
n
[Music]
d
a
[Music]
n
a
[Music]
so that's what this can do that's that's
what this one can
do so there's
that um
yeah so if I'm going sicker mode to this
yeah I think that's terrible I think
that's a terrible thing no I'm joking
that's a
joke little justest if you will get
silly um
yeah so this thing is fun digit attack
is fun still coming to grips with this
thing I'll work on it I'll figure out
more I'm having trouble with gain
staging I think that's the major thing
with me but you
know there's that
[Music]
I feel like this pattern just doesn't
get old I should like just render I
should just let this thing run for an
hour with this pattern and just like
export it full like ambient album of
just one song One pattern but I just
really like
it it's really
[Music]
peaceful yeah so I've been trying to
learn how all these things work too
I'm trying to also get my hands on a
polyend Tracker which is not as easy at
the moment but I'm working on it I'm
going to try and learn how those work
how that works and
then you know figure oh
wait I just realized
my where did I put my
Capo did I put it on here I did okay I
usually use this Capo to like
fix my mouse pad to where it is when I'm
not using
it
yeah
um how long have we been streaming here
anyone
know says two hours two half
hours all
right I think I'll do the thing I always
do to end my
streams last time I
streamed two months ago two and a half
months ago and it got [__]
up chill trying to figure out why
Discord wouldn't let me hear
anyone I don't know I'm going to have to
figure that out after the
stream but
everyone's screaming
hello all right there you
go yep yep
yep we do
this oh [__] I have orange juice where's
my orange juice
it fell on the
floor no more orange
juice how did you get that animated
background Eden made it Eden animated
it Eden should be in chat I think maybe
not
though there's Eden hi Eden
okay classic video game that doesn't
make me angry at
all
oh I'm going to go on an 11mon say we're
ins South Africa cuz I feel like that
was
Africans do co.za yeah yeah yeah yeah
this is South
Africa I just never know
[Music]
where does anyone know South Africa
better anyone want to tell me where this
is you know what I'm not even going to
try I'm just going to
say Dutch probably right there I don't
know [__]
whatever oh
wait I feel like that was a major city
that it was pointing to and I didn't
realize
it how did you get it to be animated oh
on Mac OS I'm using uh Dynamic wallpaper
this looks
like
Scotland or somewhere up
North this is
like it's either somewhere in Great
Britain or somewhere in
Scandinavia or it's Iceland I don't
think it's Iceland though there's too
much grass
there's like no signage whatsoever but
the look of these it looks very it looks
very
Christian James English english's bar I
really hope this is in
England oh my God webcams chat.com
hotgirl is and boys video chat is
back how do they type that what I mean I
guess it's just a bot it's whatever it
makes
sense yeah Texas suburbs look like this
except looks nothing like
this I don't know if that ever made
sense in any Universe holy [__] this is
scary this is the setup to a really
weird horror movie
for sale
Lenin it says.com
it does look like a model English
Village which is why I'm susp wait okay
hold
on it does look like an a model English
Village so I'm curious what the [__] is
these trees are doing here this doesn't
look like it would be native to
somewhere like England that's really
weird unless I'm just being a [__]
which I could
be I don't know where this is now
starting to look slightly
drier I feel like it is Scotland but
also [__] if I know
I might just take a oh
okay something creu in see
Connell well that
give I don't know what that means I feel
like check license plates they blur out
the license
plates best I could tell is if
something's in the EU or not but even
that's like a tossup because has
brexit I don't see that's not a
very that's an interesting license
plate not
EU Northern Ireland just for fun I'm
wondering if it's Ireland Ireland
I think it might be
Ireland can't see the license fit on
this one no information that's going to
be
helpful andboro
no that sounds
English [__] if I
now this is just in the white part of
the
world I don't know what sleeve cre
means that's such a strange thing to say
to
me b fast it says Belfast 27 km
up
East so it's west of
Bast I'll
say let's say
mamore I can't
find drum I can't find S K I can maybe
find that Forest
uh I don't know what a sleeve C
is wait
wait a
second looks like a mountain that
true well it's near a
forest could
here there's sleeve
cre so where exactly are we is the
question I can't quite figure that out
it's really close to here
though whatever I'm just guessing here
oh get
[__] we're
winning that was that was a good one
yeah it was a mountain this looks like
we're
in ex Soviet World
perhaps I also could be completely wrong
and misjudging this entirely but this
looks like it could be like Ukraine or
something
are we in
Serbia we're in like something
balans SK we're in
Slovakia but
where now if it were polish the signs
would be
in different formatting
now I don't really know exactly how to
find where and where where we
are these names are sort of hard to find
on a map for
me and these are very far away too it
doesn't really gauge too well
people are scared of
geography I want pizza but I already ate
pizza holy [__] something's going on
with that
thing I think I give up I think I'm just
going to say this looks like it's like
around here is and that's it I was on
the complete other side of that this
region but it's fine it's all Slovakia
in the end I
guess oh my God we're just getting
Europe after
Europe this one's going to be funny I
know oh that I can't go that far
this one's very
mountainous
oh we're in
Italy I
think ital is so big
I don't know where I'd find
this San
ganza I don't know where that
is looks very mountainous I'm going to
assume it's in the
north take a shot in the dark
here I was pretty
close there it is I would not have been
able to find that very easily you had to
zoom in super
far the world is so
big Europe again I
think we're
just lots of Europe today
apparently PL we're in
Poland whoever said polish
Vibes fish
bar and
SED whoever said polish Vibes for the
Slovakia pick well welcome to Poland
we're here
now Europe is pretty small
actually compared to the rest of the
world's regions I
think once again it's sort of hard to
find where these places are I could see
the name of the place and it's
like don't know where that is
really I don't know it's going to make
me zoom in to find it
all right I'll just judge from here
looks very
forested doesn't look like it's going to
be near the coast so I'm going to
say probably like right
here holy [__] I was so
wrong it's fine it's still Poland
but whatever ever it's
fine 22,000 points is pretty okay
actually we look at all this Europe four
Europe and then one South
Africa it's
whatever I think there should be polish
hyper poop never mind so where are we
South
America oh
I think we're in like
Kenya which is nowhere close
to nowhere close to South
America maybe not
Kenya uh
I'm going to keep
moving did I look at that sign already I
feel like I
did it's the same as
before they're really hammering home
what directions these cities are in
could this oh what the [__] this is
weird Okay maybe this isn't I don't know
where this is I'm actually lost
is it South Africa this doesn't strike
me as South
Africa the words don't seem right to me
o I'm going nowhere very quickly
uhuh
okay well I don't think we're in Europe
but I still don't really quite hello
Aid part of South Africa it just doesn't
strike me as South Africa but I could be
completely
wrong like this doesn't look
like I don't
know I really don't know could it be
Ghana
I don't know I feel like I'm going to
have to
like kind
of be super funny about
it I really just want it to be Kenya cuz
I said Kenya the first time but I think
I'm just going to have to click a random
spot between like South Africa Kenya and
Ghana maybe Uganda as well but I feel
like those are the only guesses that
would make sense this is the end of the
line here I'm going to go with the safe
pick of somewhere in
Ghana it was South
Africa that's so
strange that's my fault I didn't trust
the South Africa
pick that was really strange
what Brazil
uhhuh do it too forward to say this is
Colombia
I'm just G to go
there somewhere like over
there
holy all right close enough
what is
this where am
I you know
what you know what we're in Mongolia
because where the [__] else could this
be we're in the middle of a this is like
the
I saw I definitely not Mongolia
anymore don't listen to
me but it looks like it could be
Mongolia but it's
not this is not Mongolia
actually that wouldn't have made sense
anyway because they use cilc in Mongolia
so I'm being
silly if I spoke Spanish this would be
so much easier for
me yes there is a cow yes yes there is a
cow
I don't know where this
is someone in chat probably
does southern tip of Argentina or Chile
you would think this is this is that far
down south
people are pointing out all the cows I
feel like maybe they would die that
South Capital
Peru it's not the capital Peru
I really don't know where this
is but this kind of reminds me of that
one part of Chile like right right in
this area kind of reminds me of
here in
Bolivia are there Parts a that I guess
maybe in this
part right there I'm going to do
it holy [__] it was that close all right
then
what they just keep giving us middle of
nowhere places
these are Argentinian colors is this
Argentina that's the best I can gauge
from
this I might just go pick something in
Argentina just just
because just because those colors were
under
Argentinian but it's probably a very
juvenile way of guessing this
one but you know what I think I deserve
to be a little bit manic let's go like
let's go like over
here what the [__] okay I was right it
was Argentina but it was a little bit
somewhere else in
Argentina Argentina's so
big we do a little
trolling oh here we are okay
[Music]
um there's lots of information here that
should give me an answer but I'm also
being sort
of dense about
it Kenya
somewhere in
Kenya you know what I'm going to be
unhinged and just pick a random place in
Kenya I think we're
it was further north it's fine it's
Kenya it's fine it's all
right why am I going to South
America what you've never been to the
old Bingo County I
wish you know
what it was really the South Africa one
that really [__] me up also the
Argentina one was a little
Evil all right one more one
more one
more this is like this is either Asia or
South
America which doesn't
really narrow things down too much I
want to my first initial guess this is
Malaysia oh can't go there all
right this is the world tour this is the
world
tour this is definitely one of those
places where you can feel the heat in a
really unpleasant
way just by looking at these
pictures this jungle
humidity Camry
breathe wherever this is they really
don't like having too many
signs oh that doesn't help me very much
I do think we're in Southeast Asia
judging from this
architecture honestly I'd love to play
in
Malaysia qum
pora I still feel like this might be
there Malaysia or the
Philippines what makes me think it's
Malaysia does there's like some Western
is style signs
here well that signs just IND
discernible thank you for being so
unhelpful I think this is
Malaysia
what hold on
what
what excuse
me
what
what how did I get here
what where am
I well now it kind of makes sense we're
definitely close to the equator I
think we're close to the equator someone
said Ecuador that makes
sense I would say like right
there ah whatever it's fine
[Music]
how where where where where where
where
what
okay um
shout out to South American gang I
suppose I don't think it's Spain the
this this doesn't look like
Spain someone can read this better than
I
can for
I don't understand where I
am yeah they did hear me complaining
about Europe before so like [__] you you
get to be in here instead
I just want variety I don't want to be
in one
place
hello how's the bike ride
buddy this car
don't you want to guess maniacally
absolutely steal his bike and travel the
world yeah I'll steal his bike in South
America and I can definitely get to
Europe from there with the
bike
yeah I thought that was an upside down
cross I was like that's Violet core
right
there how there are a few people on
bikes today
all right all right all
right all right what objects are you
hiding in the Jesus box behind the
beside the
highway what are you putting in the
Jesus box go ahead and tell me everyone
in chat what are you putting in the
Jesus box
you're putting Jesus in the Jesus box
don't you feel that's a little bit
redundant here comes the Ricky someone
the hot girls and boys video chat person
is in
here somehow
you put the Declaration of Independence
in the Jesus box that documents not very
applicable outside of the United
States you know what one of these days
I'm just going to [__] eat it I'm
just going to go and eat the Declaration
of Independence and no one can tell me I
can
you're putting webcams
chat comom hot girls and boys video chat
in the Jesus
box another Jesus box inside the Jesus
box so true honestly so true I'm getting
really tired of driving here I'm just
going to make a
guess
um how much you want to bet that it's
like really really really southern
Mexico and by really really really
Southern i' mean like Central
Mexico as in not very Southern at
all I don't want to go in the Jesus
box you know what I'm just going with
Mexico and I'm going to bite the bullet
here and it's
Peru isn't that really friendly of Peru
to be this way everyone say thank you to
Peru but like put a slj after
that everyone put thank you Peru
slj because cuz it's not genuine it's
more sarcasm because why would you do
this to me here we are again um
somewhere Spanish speaking once more for
the third time in a
row I think
don't [__] me with the letter j this
ends well for no
pony
wait that makes me think Argentina in
the most like juvenile
way how how how
how dangerous would it be if I just put
Argentina again I feel like it'd be
rather dangerous I feel like this is
actually realistically
Colombia I don't know
though everybody's gangster until the
South American country has Lan colors
for their store
oh the the the car the the carnival is
in town
everyone get
your
popcorn get your hot dogs get
your if you can't take risks in a web-
based video game where can you take
risks Dominican Republic I have highly
doubt
that this looks like I'm
well I don't think this is Dominican
Republic but I could be terribly wrong
also this is very claustrophobic these
these
streets where am I
where the
[__] that's Colombia I feel like it's
Colombia that's what I'm saying this
this is this architecture and the the
layouts and everything the fact that I
feel claustrophobic this is probably
Columbia
interesting you know what we're going to
do it
right
there okay whoever said Dominican
Republic was
cheating whoever said Dominican republ
Republic was cheating
what do I even say to this I've never
got Dominican Republic in all my years
of playing geoguesser so this is very
strange
okay it had a story that kind of
reference the flag okay that's fair
enough what the [__] is this
where am
I oh oh boy I think we are in Malaysia
finally I think we finally arrived
wait that's not a country flag what is
that that's not very
helpful okay this is Malaysia or the
Philippines someone tell
me I think this Malaysia Indonesia that
would makes sense too very
close I don't think it's uh I don't
think it's the Philippines though
Indonesia it says Indonesia right
there well I did see it trust just TR
sources trust me no it says Indonesia
right
there but Indonesia is such a big
country that this doesn't really help
too
much this looks like a somewhat drier
part of oh I can't go up there a
somewhat drier part of Indonesia if I'm
not mistaken uh well there is that but I
mean dryer in
principle so I feel like this is like
the center of one of
the
archipelagos Central
something if I were to make a default
dance guess I would
say I would say
probably like right there I
think that's my default dance
guess Indonesian embassy I really doubt
that the coincidence is so strong that
there would be an Indonesian embassy
exactly
here but this is very very suspiciously
dry looking as well I really do feel
like this is a really interesting part
of
Indonesia like this is this is really
kind of dry
feeling holy [__] it's my country I mean
we think so we think it's we think
so what if there were two trucks oh I
wonder what those two trucks would be
doing with each other
only time will tell
truly you know what I'm just locking in
my answer
here [__] it was on
Borneo the
[__] I mean it w okay it was Indonesia I
on that at least
weird all right well it wasn't an
interesting part of Indonesia are we
back in Europe why we were having such a
nice time without
you no let me look at that sign
please this is Germany
Austria no Switzerland no
Germany seems Nordic I I don't think
this is Nordic
I'm pretty sure this is
German very pretty very pretty
place oh dear this camera quality is a
little
goofy definitely Germany
but Germany's also pretty big I don't
really know where this could
be I want to go down that street all
right
whatever be that
way I thought that said feet services
and now I was not really thrilled about
that where is
Eden
FL why
you know what I'm just it's just
wherever it's just Germany it's fine
it's just Germany it's right there I
knew it I knew it I'm right I knew it we
did it
whatever
okay um no more video
games so um yeah okay I'm done with the
stream now very fun my first stream in
two and a half months hopefully doing
more have a lot of work to do so I'm
going to do focus on that
but yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yes
yippe all right yeah okay that's the
stream thank you for coming to this
stream this has been live stream
today um the stream will be available on
patreon for $5 and up patrons and [__]
like
that uh but you can
there's that is right there for
you
uh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah thank
you for s
uh
yeah this has been a live
stream how do I end the stream I just
say good night good morning good
morning I never say good night it's
always good morning good
morning
farewell uh
wait I have to turn it off from YouTube
side
no that's that's the stream
deck there we go okay byebye